Readme.md, before:

# 🎄 Advent of Code 2025

<div align="center">

![Advent of Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Advent%20of%20Code-2025-brightgreen)
![Stars](https://img.shields.io/badge/⭐_Stars-19-yellow)
![Language](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-JavaScript-f7df1e?logo=javascript)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-18+-339933?logo=node.js)

My solutions for [Advent of Code 2025](https://adventofcode.com/2025) challenges.

</div>

---

## 📊 Progress Overview

| Day | Challenge | Part 1 | Part 2 | Solution | Documentation |
|:---:|:----------|:------:|:------:|:--------:|:-------------:|
| 01 | [Secret Entrance](https://adventofcode.com/2025/day/1) | ⭐ | ⭐ | [Code](./Day-1) | [Docs](./Day-1/document.md) |
| 02 | [Gift Shop](https://adventofcode.com/2025/day/2) | ⭐ | ⭐ | [Code](./Day-2) | [Docs](./Day-2/document.md) |
| 03 | [Lobby](https://adventofcode.com/2025/day/3) | ⭐ | ⭐ | [Code](./Day-3) | [Docs](./Day-3/document.md) |
| 04 | [Printing Department](https://adventofcode.com/2025/day/4) | ⭐ | ⭐ | [Code](./Day-4) | [Docs](./Day-4/document.md) |
| 05 | [Cafeteria](https://adventofcode.com/2025/day/5) | ⭐ | ⭐ | [Code](./Day-5) | [Docs](./Day-5/document.md) |
| 06 | [Trash Compactor](https://adventofcode.com/2025/day/6) | ⭐ | ⭐ | [Code](./Day-6) | [Docs](./Day-6/document.md) |
| 07 | [Laboratories](https://adventofcode.com/2025/day/7) | ⭐ | ⭐ | [Code](./Day-7) | [Docs](./Day-7/document.md) |
| 08 | [Playground](https://adventofcode.com/2025/day/8) | ⭐ | ⭐ | [Code](./Day-8) | [Docs](./Day-8/document.md) |
| 09 | [Movie Theater](https://adventofcode.com/2025/day/9) | ⭐ | ⭐ | [Code](./Day-9) | [Docs](./Day-9/document.md) |
| 10 | [Factory](https://adventofcode.com/2025/day/10) | ⭐ | 🔒 | [Code](./Day-10) | [Docs](./Day-10/document.md) |
| 11 | TBD | 🔒 | 🔒 | [Code](./Day-11) | [Docs](./Day-11/document.md) |
| 12 | TBD | 🔒 | 🔒 | [Code](./Day-12) | [Docs](./Day-12/document.md) |

**Total Stars: 19/24** ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

---

## 📁 Repository Structure

```
AdventOfCode2025/
│
├── Day-1/
│   ├── task_1.js           # Solution for Part 1
│   ├── task_2.js           # Solution for Part 2
│   ├── task1_input.txt     # Input data for Part 1
│   ├── task2_input.txt     # Input data for Part 2
│   └── document.md         # Detailed explanation & algorithm
│
├── Day-2/
│   ├── task_1.js
│   ├── task_2.js
│   ├── task1_input.txt
│   ├── task2_input.txt
│   └── document.md
│
└── ...
```

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- **Node.js** (v18 or higher)
- **Git**

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/itzsouravkumar/AdvenOfCode2k25.git
   cd AdventOfCode2025
   ```

2. Navigate to a specific day:
   ```bash
   cd Day-1
   ```

3. Run the solutions:
   ```bash
   node task_1.js
   node task_2.js
   ```

---

## 📝 About Each Solution

Each day's folder contains:

- **task_1.js & task_2.js**: JavaScript implementations of both parts
- **task1_input.txt & task2_input.txt**: Puzzle inputs
- **document.md**: Detailed breakdown including:
  - Problem summary
  - Approach and algorithm


## 🎯 Goals

- ✅ Solve all 12 days of challenges
- ✅ Write clean, readable, and efficient code
- ✅ Document thought process and learning
- ✅ Improve problem-solving skills


## 📚 Resources

- [Advent of Code 2025](https://adventofcode.com/2025)
- [Advent of Code Subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/adventofcode/)
- [JavaScript Documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)


## 📄 License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).


## 🤝 Contributing

Feel free to fork this repository and submit pull requests with improvements or alternative solutions!

---

<div align="center">

**Happy Coding! 🎄✨**

Made with ❤️ for Advent of Code 2025

</div>

Commit message:

feat: Update Readme with Day-11 and Day-12 status and learning reflections

Readme.md, after:

# 🎄 Advent of Code 2025

<div align="center">

![Advent of Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Advent%20of%20Code-2025-brightgreen)
![Stars](https://img.shields.io/badge/⭐_Stars-19-yellow)
![Language](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-JavaScript-f7df1e?logo=javascript)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-18+-339933?logo=node.js)

My solutions for [Advent of Code 2025](https://adventofcode.com/2025) challenges.

</div>

---

## 📊 Progress Overview

| Day | Challenge | Part 1 | Part 2 | Solution | Documentation |
|:---:|:----------|:------:|:------:|:--------:|:-------------:|
| 01 | [Secret Entrance](https://adventofcode.com/2025/day/1) | ⭐ | ⭐ | [Code](./Day-1) | [Docs](./Day-1/document.md) |
| 02 | [Gift Shop](https://adventofcode.com/2025/day/2) | ⭐ | ⭐ | [Code](./Day-2) | [Docs](./Day-2/document.md) |
| 03 | [Lobby](https://adventofcode.com/2025/day/3) | ⭐ | ⭐ | [Code](./Day-3) | [Docs](./Day-3/document.md) |
| 04 | [Printing Department](https://adventofcode.com/2025/day/4) | ⭐ | ⭐ | [Code](./Day-4) | [Docs](./Day-4/document.md) |
| 05 | [Cafeteria](https://adventofcode.com/2025/day/5) | ⭐ | ⭐ | [Code](./Day-5) | [Docs](./Day-5/document.md) |
| 06 | [Trash Compactor](https://adventofcode.com/2025/day/6) | ⭐ | ⭐ | [Code](./Day-6) | [Docs](./Day-6/document.md) |
| 07 | [Laboratories](https://adventofcode.com/2025/day/7) | ⭐ | ⭐ | [Code](./Day-7) | [Docs](./Day-7/document.md) |
| 08 | [Playground](https://adventofcode.com/2025/day/8) | ⭐ | ⭐ | [Code](./Day-8) | [Docs](./Day-8/document.md) |
| 09 | [Movie Theater](https://adventofcode.com/2025/day/9) | ⭐ | ⭐ | [Code](./Day-9) | [Docs](./Day-9/document.md) |
| 10 | [Factory](https://adventofcode.com/2025/day/10) | ⭐ | 🔒 | [Code](./Day-10) | [Docs](./Day-10/document.md) |

Sorry, I was unable to complete the remaining task due to less knowledge of the algorithms applicable there. I tried to solve those problems but everytime got stuck and couldn't proceed further. So, I decided to leave those tasks unsolved for now. Hopefully, I will be able to revisit them in the future with more experience and understanding. These challenges were definitely a great learning experience!

**Total Stars: 19/24** ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

---

## 📁 Repository Structure

```
AdventOfCode2025/
│
├── Day-1/
│   ├── task_1.js           # Solution for Part 1
│   ├── task_2.js           # Solution for Part 2
│   ├── task1_input.txt     # Input data for Part 1
│   ├── task2_input.txt     # Input data for Part 2
│   └── document.md         # Detailed explanation & algorithm
│
├── Day-2/
│   ├── task_1.js
│   ├── task_2.js
│   ├── task1_input.txt
│   ├── task2_input.txt
│   └── document.md
│
└── ...
```

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- **Node.js** (v18 or higher)
- **Git**

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/itzsouravkumar/AdvenOfCode2k25.git
   cd AdventOfCode2025
   ```

2. Navigate to a specific day:
   ```bash
   cd Day-1
   ```

3. Run the solutions:
   ```bash
   node task_1.js
   node task_2.js
   ```

---

## 📝 About Each Solution

Each day's folder contains:

- **task_1.js & task_2.js**: JavaScript implementations of both parts
- **task1_input.txt & task2_input.txt**: Puzzle inputs
- **document.md**: Detailed breakdown including:
  - Problem summary
  - Approach and algorithm


## 🎯 Goals

- ✅ Solve all 12 days of challenges
- ✅ Write clean, readable, and efficient code
- ✅ Document thought process and learning
- ✅ Improve problem-solving skills


## 📚 Resources

- [Advent of Code 2025](https://adventofcode.com/2025)
- [Advent of Code Subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/adventofcode/)
- [JavaScript Documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)


## 📄 License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).


## 🤝 Contributing

Feel free to fork this repository and submit pull requests with improvements or alternative solutions!

---

<div align="center">

**Happy Coding! 🎄✨**

Made with ❤️ for Advent of Code 2025

</div>
